She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.